Add lint for foreign tables in API (#75)
supabase/splinter: docs/0017_foreign_table_in_api.md

Level: WARN

### Rationale

> Foreign Tables in Postgres can present a security risk if they are accessible to API roles `anon` and `authenticated`. Unlike regular tables, foreign tables can not be configured to respect Row Level Security (RLS) policies.. Therefore, if foreign tables are accessible over APIs, all rows are always visible, which may not be intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Foreign Tables in Postgres can present a security risk if they are accessible to API roles `anon` and `authenticated`. Unlike regular tables, foreign tables can not be configured to respect Row Level Security (RLS) policies. Therefore, if foreign tables are accessible over APIs, all rows are always visible, which may not be intended.
```

### How to Resolve

If the foreign table does not need to be accessible over the API you can resolve the issue by revoking `select` access from API roles `anon` and `authenticated`.

```sql
revoke select on public.some_foreign_table from public, anon, authenticated;
```

Note that the `public` role is a role that sets default permissions for all other roles. If the `public` role allows access by default (as it does in the `public` schema) you must also revoke `select` accesss from it.

You can test if your permissions update worked sucessfully by running

```sql
select pg_catalog.has_table_privilege('anon', 'public.some_foreign_table'::regclass::oid, 'select')
-- Should return: 'false'
```

Substituting in the appropriate role and view name.

> If you do need to access data from the foreign table over APIs we recommend moving the foreign table out of the API's search path and then creating a function, accessible [over RPC](https://supabase.com/docs/reference/javascript/rpc), that implements security rules on top of the foreign table. For example, if we wanted to confirm that the Supabase Auth user matches the `author_id` column of the foreign table the function might look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do need to access data from the foreign table over APIs we recommend moving the foreign table out of the API's exposed schemas and then creating a function, accessible [over RPC](https://supabase.com/docs/reference/javascript/rpc), that implements security rules on top of the foreign table. For example, if we wanted to confirm that the Supabase Auth user matches the `author_id` column of the foreign table the function might look like:xt
```

```sql
-- Create a new schema
create schema private;

> -- Move the foreign table out of the API search path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-- Move the foreign table out of the API's exposed schemas
```
